# **Introduction**
### **About Keyestudio**

Keyestudio is a best-selling brand owned by KEYES Corporation. Our product contains Arduino development boards, expansion boards, sensors and modules, Raspberry Pi, micro:bit expansion boards as well as smart cars, which can help customers at any level to learn about Arduino.

Notably, all of our products are in line with international quality standards and are greatly appreciated in a broad menu of different markets across the world.

Welcome to check out more contents from our official website:[http://www.keyestudio.com](http://www.keyestudio.com)

### **Obtain Information and After-sales Service**

1. Download address: *********
2. If something is found missing or broken, or you have some difficulty learning the kit, please feel free to contact us. Welcome to send email to us: **service@keyestudio.com**
3. We will endeavor to update projects and products continuously from your sincere advice! Thanks!

### **Warning**

1. This product contains tiny parts(screws and copper pillars), so please keep out of reach of children to prevent from lacerations or accidental ingestion. For children under 8, please accompany with adults when using.
2. This product contains conductive parts(control board and electronic modules). Please operate according to the requirements of tutorials. Otherwise, improper operation may damage parts due to overheating. In this case, do not touch and immediately disconnect the circuit power.

### **Copyright**

The keyestudio trademark and logo are the copyright of KEYES DIY ROBOT co.,LTD. All products under Keyestudio brand can’t be copied, sold or resold without authorization by anyone or company.

If you are interested in our products, please contact to our sales representatives: fennie@keyestudio.com



# **NANO Inventor Starter Kit**

### **1. Description**

This starter kit is a programmable tool specialized for kids above 6. 

In total, we provide 15 modules and sensors as well as 30 projects, in which you will enjoy spending your day.

For each project, we offer you two programming language: arduino C and graphical programming on the basis of KidsBlock Desktop, which is beneficial to cultivate preliminary programming logic.

### **2. Features**

This kit covers NANO development board and esp32 development board, and it integrates multiple sensors, including 8x8 dot matrix, LCD 1602 display, 4-bit digital tube, ultrasonic sensor, 6812 RGB, potentiometer, photosensor, sound sensor, PIR sensor, temperature and humidity sensor, active buzzer, 8002 amplifier, four F10 LED(in red, yellow, green and blue) and four buttons. 
Besides, its VCC can be set to 3.3V or 5V via a DIP switch.

### **3. Parameters**



### **4.Kit List**

| 序号 | 图片 | 名称 | 数量 |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 